Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today I’m going
to explain a Thai survival thriller film
called “The Pool.” Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care!
At the beginning of the movie, a man named Day
wakes up lying in a drained swimming pool. He
has several injuries all over his body. He looks
at his palm to see it is severely wounded as well.
As Day looks down, he sees a crocodile
biting on his leg. He screams in fear
when the creature drags him. The two struggle,
but Day manages to kick the animal off his feet.
He drags himself away from the crocodile and
hits its head several times with a bucket. A dog
chained outside the pool barks while watching the
commotion. The crocodile turns around and leaves
Day alone. As the camera zooms out, we see Day is
stuck in a deep pool with no stairs to go out.
Cut to six days ago. The same pool was filled
completely with water. Day is helping with a
photoshoot taking place in the pool. A sofa is
dropped into the water where a model in joker
makeup poses. Day’s girlfriend Koi arrives at the
shoot with their dog, Lucky. Day had been told to
bring Lucky as a prop for the photoshoot. Day is
diabetic, so goes to a corner to take his insulin
shot, where Koi follows him. She jokes about
being pregnant, which unsettles Day. They take
the dog to the shoot, which goes extremely well.
The crew takes a picture together and leaves.
The following day, Day is at the pool with Lucky
again. He is there to clean the aftermath of the
shoot and seal the place, since no one will be
there for a long time. Before cleaning, he rests
on his floatie inside the pool. Day’s friend and
the pool’s supervisor, Mayom is also there and
has his luggage packed. He is going out of the
town for the next three months and is there to
say his goodbye. He pulls a lever down to drain
the water from the pool, then ties Lucky with
a chain on a pole nearby. Before he leaves, Day
asks him to order a pizza. Mayom agrees and walks
out of the place, while telling Day to come out
of the water quickly because he has drained it.
Day mistakenly falls asleep on his floatie, not
noticing the water level in the pool decreasing.
Sometime later, he is woken up by Lucky barking.
He finally notices the water level and swims
towards the edge to come out of the pool but
realises he is too deep inside to step out.
Day tries climbing up the pool, but is
unsuccessful. He even breaks one of his
fingernails in the process. He then brings the
floatie to help him climb, but it doesn’t work
either. He yells for help, but the camera zooms
out to show us that no one is around. Day’s cell
phone is right at the edge of the swimming pool.
Suddenly it starts vibrating and moving towards
the edge. Day happily waits for it to fall, ready
to catch it. But just then, Lucky trips into the
pool and hangs on its edge by the leash. Day
swims over to the other edge and helps Lucky
get back up with the help of the floatie. His
phone falls but is hung up by the charger. Day
quickly rushes to get it, but the water level
has gone lower. As he tries to reach the phone,
it falls into the water and stops working. Day
then plans to stop further drawing of the water by
covering the drainage ventilation with his robe.
Just when he goes inside the water to do that, a
delivery boy arrives to deliver him his pizza. He
looks around and sees no one. Then, the boy calls
Mayom to ask him what he should do. Mayom advises
the man to keep the pizza there and leave.
Meanwhile, Day’s belt gets stuck to the
ventilation. Before he can come out of the water,
the delivery man leaves. Day still believes
that someone will come to look for him soon.
Without thinking about it much, he again falls
asleep on his floatie. Sometime later, Koi
arrives at the pool and doesn’t notice the water
level. She gets on a platform and is ready to jump
into the pool when Day wakes up and asks her to
stop. A startled Koi slips from the platform,
hits her head, and falls into the pool. When Day
brings her out, she is unconscious. He lays her
in the floatie and uses the rob to stop her head
from bleeding. It is now nighttime, and the water
level has gone dangerously low. No one has come to
their aid yet. Day tries inspecting Koi’s wounds
and sees a chunk of her flesh on his hands.
Just then, Lucky starts to bark loudly. A
crocodile crawls out of the maintenance room and
moves towards the dog. Day notices the creature
and asks Lucky not to bark anymore. Before the
crocodile can reach Lucky, it trips and falls
into the pool. Now, Day is stuck in a pool with
a crocodile and an injured girlfriend. The night
passes, and in the morning, the pool is fully
dry. Koi has still not regained consciousness.
The crocodile is sleeping with its mouth open on
the other side of the pool. Day suddenly notices
a positive pregnancy test in Koi’s pocket and
figures out that she is pregnant. Surprised,
he tells Koi’s unconscious body that
everything will be okay. He inspects
her injury and sees that it is still bleeding.
He then approaches the sleeping crocodile, which
has a duct tape roll inside his mouth. Mayom had
thrown the duct tape roll to Day before leaving.
Day manages to take the tape out of the
creature’s mouth, but wakes it up in the process.
The crocodile growls at Day, but he runs back to
Koi in time. He uses the duct tape and a piece of
his robe to cover Koi’s injury and stop it from
bleeding. He had collected a bucket full of pool
water for them to drink. Day then plans to open
the pool’s vent and crawl his way outside through
a tunnel. He opens the vent’s cover and goes
back to check on Koi. Before he can return, the
crocodile crawls into the tunnel. Day waits for a
long time for it to return, but when it doesn’t,
he takes the risk and goes into the vent himself.
He then crawls through the tunnel and finds an
exit that is locked from outside. Just then, the
crocodile crawls back to the pool and towards Koi.
Day rushes back and drags the creature by its
tail. The crocodile doesn’t attack him back. Koi
finally gains her consciousness back and calls for
Day. She tells Day about the pregnancy as he stays
beside her. It is now nighttime. Koi is resting
on the sofa that was used for the photoshoot.
Day notices Lucky eating the pizza outside.
The dog throws the box of pizza inside the
pool for his owners. Day and Koi finally
eat for the first time in three days.
On the fourth day, they run out of drinking
water. Day falls unconscious and stays like
that the whole day. He wakes up at night to Koi
looking at him. Day asks her if the crocodile gave
her trouble. Koi replies that the crocodile
is a female who laid eggs during the day.
It starts to rain, giving the couple an
opportunity to gather more water.
The following morning, the crocodile
makes its way to a sleeping Day,
but falls into the vent before reaching him. Day
pushes the creature inside and covers the vent.
Then, the two try starting a fire with the pieces
of dried grass and Day’s glasses. They boil the
crocodile eggs and devour them. At night, the
two mount the sofa and get on top of it in an
attempt to escape, but they cannot reach the top.
They sit together talking about various things,
when Day reveals that he wanted Koi to have an
abortion if she got pregnant. A heartbroken Koi
slaps Day as he tries to console her. They
know that they cannot survive in the sun for
another day, So, the two decide to bring the
crocodile back and get into the tunnel.
The following day, they open the vent and the
crocodile returns to the pool. Koi quickly gets
inside as the crocodile goes towards its eggs.
Seeing that its egg has been stolen, it attacks
Day. But Day manages to escape into the tunnel
and close it before the creature can get him.
Day has not had an insulin shot in
several days and is getting sick.
They see an insulin injection that Mayom had
placed on a table nearby through the vent. Day
tries using a string of wire to get the injection
near them, but instead, it falls and breaks into
pieces. The couple cry in vain with no way out.
Day then notices his case of insulin on the floor.
As it turns out, Mayom had accidentally dropped
it into the vent the last time he was there. He
injects himself with the medicine. Later, the two
notice a parachute flying over the pool. Day asks
Koi to use a barrel to close the entrance of the
tunnel and goes out to call for help himself.
When he gets back to the pool, he sees that the
parachute was just a kid’s toy. He screams for
help in the hopes of someone listening to him.
A strong wind makes a wired clothes hanger fall
into the pool. Day tries using it to climb
and is happy when the wire holds his weight.
His palms get injured, but he doesn’t stop
climbing. Just when he is about to reach the top,
the wire detaches, making him fall back. An
injured Day falls unconscious. He wakes up
on day six and looks at his injured palm. Same as
the very first scene from the movie, the crocodile
drags Day by his legs. He manages to free himself
and crawls to the sofa, but his leg is hurt,
so he rests before going back to Koi. At night,
it starts to rain. Since the tunnel is blocked,
the place Koi is in starts to flood. She bangs
the barrel to call Day back. Day listens to it and
crawls back into the tunnel. This time, he
decides to go to the other end of the tunnel
and finds a vent there too. He somehow manages
to break it open and happily steps out. However,
he is soon washed over by disappointment. It turns
out that the facility had two swimming pools,
and he just entered the second one. It is just
as deep as the first one and has no way out.
It is now the seventh day. Two people come to
the pool looking for their parachute-like toy,
but both Day and Koi are out of sight. They
enter the pool through a ladder and get their
toy. The crocodile is hidden under the sofa, so
they cannot see it. Day hears the men talking
and yells for help. When he reaches the top, they
are already gone, but the ladder is still there.
It starts to rain again as he limps towards
the ladder. But before he can reach it,
Day is attacked by the crocodile. The place Koi is
in is almost completely flooded. The crocodile is
about to kill Day, but Koi suddenly pops out of
the water and starts whistling. Seeing Koi alive
gives Day further fuel to live on and he gets
away from the crocodile just at the right moment.
Day walks towards the ladder again, but the barrel
the ladder was attached to rolls away, taking the
ladder with it. Day’s last hope for survival is
gone. Just then, Koi’s whistling attracts Lucky
as the same whistle was used to train the dog.
Day warns Lucky not to jump but his efforts go in
vain. The poor dog which was tied to a chain tries
to jump into the pool, but hangs by its neck.
A helpless Day looks on and whimpers in
pain as Lucky slowly dies of suffocation.
Day then loses his cool and in a
fit of rage, he finally kills the
crocodile by stabbing it with a pole.
Day is left devastated after the encounter,
but he still has to save Koi. He gathers a lot of
courage and does the unthinkable by climbing out
of the swimming pool using the dead Lucky and his
chain. Day is finally outside the pool after seven
days of struggle. He quickly rushes to the vent
where Koi is and sees it is completely filled with
water. He finds a large pipe nearby and
tries to open the vent but as it opens,
he loses his balance and almost falls down the
same pool. Luckily, he manages to hang onto
the edge and uses his sheer will to climb up.
He then quickly dives in and brings an unconscious
Koi out. At first, it seems that Koi is dead
but after administering CPR and a lot of effort,
he finally manages to save her. The
movie ends as the two finally hug.
Subscribe for more videos like
this, turn on notifications,
and leave a like to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching.